# README.md

# livepeer-rs

`0.0.1`

Crate to interact with the `Livepeer Studio` API

This library provides a Rust interface to interact with the Livepeer API. The main components include the `Vod` and `Task` traits, the `AccessControlApi` struct, and an error module to handle API error responses.

## Vod trait

The `Vod` trait contains the following methods:

- Get asset details
- Get a presigned URL for asset upload
- Upload an asset
- Get an asset by its ID
- Get an asset by its Playback ID
- Get assets by their Content ID (CID)
- Get assets by User ID
- Update an asset
- Import an asset
- Export an asset to IPFS
- List webhook subscriptions

All methods return a `Result<serde_json::Value, crate::errors::Error>` or an appropriate error type.

## Task trait

The `Task` trait provides the following methods for managing tasks:

- List tasks
- Get a task by its Output Asset ID
- Get tasks by User ID

All methods in the `Task` trait return a `Result<serde_json::Value, crate::errors::Error>` or an appropriate error type.

## AccessControlApi

The `AccessControlApi` struct offers methods for managing Signing keys:

- List signing keys
- Create a signing key
- Delete a signing key

All methods return a `Result<serde_json::Value, errors::Error>` or an appropriate error type.

`AccessControlApi` can be initialized using the `new` function with a `LivepeerClient` instance.

## Error Handling

The `errors` module provides an `Error` enum that represents different API error responses. The `from_response` function takes a `surf::Response` and returns a corresponding `Error` variant. The enum also contains variants for specific Livepeer actions like `LISTSTREAMS` and `CREATESTREAM`.

## Dependencies

See `Cargo.toml` for a full list of dependencies.

## Documentation

Generate and view the documentation locally by running the following commands:

```
$ cargo doc
$ cd ./target/doc
$ python3 -m http.server 8080
```

Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:8080/livepeer_client

## Example usage

```rust
use livepeer_rs::{vod::Vod, Livepeer, LivepeerEnv};

fn main() {
    let _env = LivepeerEnv::Prod;

    // Set up your Client
    let lp_client = Livepeer::new(String::from("$YOUR_API_TOKEN"), Some(_env));

    // Retrieve JSON of VOD assets
    match lp_client.asset.list_assets() {
        Ok(assets) => {
            println!("Assets: {}", serde_json::to_string(&assets).unwrap());
        }
        Err(err) => {
            println!("Error retrieving VOD assets: {:?}", err);
        }
    };

    // Retrieve JSON of Livepeer Streams
    match lp_client.stream.list_streams() {
        Ok(streams) => {
            println!("Streams: {}", serde_json::to_string(&streams).unwrap());
        }
        Err(err) => {
            println!("Error retrieving streams: {:?}", err);
        }
    };
}
```

## Docs

https://docs.rs/crate/livepeer-rs/latest

# LICENSE

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 gioelecerati

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Readme generated by readme-gpt by gioelecerati
